docs(release): update issue template for TRG check (#26)
eclipse-tractusx/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/qg-checklist.md

---

## QG checks

Please open and fill in this issue in your product repository to document the compliance with our Tractus-X Release Guideline (TRGs)

> **Show compliance with TRGs** by referencing to a tagged link in the respective repository where possible, example: [github.com/eclipse-tractusx/example-repo/tree/1.0.0/docs](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/example-repo/tree/1.0.0/docs)

Reviewer: While quick reading I've been confused. Would coin it a little more
```suggestion
**Show compliance with TRGs** by referencing to a tagged link in the respective repository where possible, example: TRG 1.01 (see [github.com/eclipse-tractusx/example-repo/tree/1.0.0/README.md](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/example-repo/tree/1.0.0/README.md))
```

Author: thank you, done

### Close this issue once the compliance with the TRGs has been documented

> Committer(s): <!-- Note: Please add every contributor to this product -->

Reviewer: Please adjust note to committer

```suggestion
Committer(s): <!-- Note: Please add every committer to this product -->
```

Author: thank you, done

#### TRG 3 Kubernetes

- [ ] [TRG 3.02](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-3/trg-3-2) persistent volume and persistent volume claim or database dependency (subchart) are in place when needed

#### TRG 4 Container

- [ ] [TRG 4.01](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-01) [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) and tagging <!-- container is tagged correctly additionally to the latest tag -->
- [ ] [TRG 4.02](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-02) base image is agreed  <!-- Java, Kotlin, ... if JVM based language use base image from [Eclipse Temurin](https://hub.docker.com/_/eclipse-temurin) -->
- [ ] [TRG 4.03](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-03) image has `USER` command and Non Root Container
- [ ] [TRG 4.05](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-05) released image must be placed in `DockerHub`, remove `GHCR` references
- [ ] [TRG 4.06](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-06) separate notice file for `DockerHub` has all necessary information

> - [ ] [TRG 4.06] (https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-07) root filesystem is set to read only

Reviewer 2: I would recommend to rephrase it like this:
```suggestion
- [ ] [TRG 4.06] (https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-07) The root file system is set to read access by default, but can be overwritten by the user
```

Author: > I would recommend to rephrase it like this:

thank you, done

> - [ ] [TRG 4.06] (https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-07) root file system is set to read access by default, but can be overwritten by the user

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] [TRG 4.07] (https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-4/trg-4-07) root file system is set to read access by default, but can be overwritten by the user
```

Author: thank you, done
